data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/ClientChannel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/custom-functions.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList0.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.resizable.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/ServiceConfiguration.Cloud.cscfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Web.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/accent.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/site.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IMaintenanceContract.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/favicon.ico.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests.NU/Test_Service_Utilities.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.button.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.dialog.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Web.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.validate.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.accordion.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/CustomStyles.less.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/accent.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.8.24.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/UserPurchases/UserPurchaseRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/MaldenService11.wsdl.i
data/lib/Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/ProductSerialNumbers/product_serial_number_repository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Properties/PublishProfiles/MaldenService.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/multi-image-uploader.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/BlobItemBlobs.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/IGreetingService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/ServiceDefinition.csdef.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/ReleaseViewModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.core.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests.NU/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/GlimpseSecurityPolicy.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.slider.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Bootstrapper.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/asc.gif.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/smartpaginator.js.i
data/lib/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.d
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.validate-vsdoc.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/ActivationSuccess.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/MaldenService.svc.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream1.wsdl.i
data/lib/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.0.3.min.map.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.progressbar.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Distributor/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/History/history.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/modernizr-2.6.2.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.1.0.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Releases/TestReleaseRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-1.4.4.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.0.3.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IUserPurchase.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/heroAccent.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Products/TestProduct.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/PrallelBlobTransfer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/BlobManager.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Maintenance/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/EmailerLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/ActivationRequest.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/DataLayer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.theme.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.selectable.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/Malden.Portal.Data.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/site.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList4.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/MaintenanceContracts/MaintenanceContractEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Service.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList6.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Utilities/CustomHelpers.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/IMaldenStream.cs.i
data/lib/Ninject.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IProductCatalogueLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Properties/Settings.settings.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.accordion.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/app.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.tabs.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IHistoryLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/App_Start/BundleConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/MaldenService1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/AppInsightsAgent/UnifiedBootstrap.bat.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Product/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/product-registration.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/IMaldenService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/BlobManagerEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-1.7.2.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Malden.Portal.BLL.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProductSerialNumber.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/ITableOperations.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.accordion.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Default.aspx.designer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IEmailManagerRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/Details.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Users/User_Repository_Should.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList8.png.i
data/Backup/ServiceConfiguration.Local.cscfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Web.Release.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Data/aspnet-Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole-20130930111147.mdf.d
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/bodyBg-green.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Data/aspnet-Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole-20130930111147.mdf.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/CustomStyles.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Global.asax.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.0.3.intellisense.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Malden.Portal.Tests.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Users/dataOct-15-2013.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/User/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Products/ProductEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.selectable.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordResetSuccess.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/History.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/footer-grid.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Distributor.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/Profiles/MaldenPortalStaging.azurePubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.progressbar.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/reset.less.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/MaldenService11.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/ReleaseController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/App.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.theme.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/lib/WebActivator.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/Messages.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Release.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/WebApiConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/readme.txt.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/check-status.gif.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IRelease.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/App_Code/CustomValidator.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/MaintenanceContracts/MaintenanceContractRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/WebjobDependencyResolver.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Product.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Stream.svc.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.maskedinput-1.3.1.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.intellisense.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/GreetingService.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Utilities/CustomAttributes.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/NinjectWebCommon.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Service.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Controllers/HomeController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/ReleaseEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/_OldReleases.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_customAlert.chstml.cshtml.i
data/lib/Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IMaintenanceContractRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/IMaldenStream.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/MaintenanceContractLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream2.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.8.24.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/CloudFilesModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/CustomValidator.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/_references.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.all.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Web.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/ServiceConfiguration.Local.cscfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/ConfirmPasswordReset.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Utilities/PwResolver.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/History/HistoryEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/app.config_old.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/note-arrow.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Controllers/PurchaseController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Common Tests.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordReset.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/AccountController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.validate.unobtrusive.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.base.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Default.aspx.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Emails/EmailManagerEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/BundleConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Service.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.core.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.datepicker.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/bg.gif.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Service.svc.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/smartpaginator.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/MaintenanceContract.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/logo.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/CloudFile.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/Messages.less.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/ProductSerialNumbers/TestProductSerialNumberRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.progressbar.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/site-grid-grey.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IUserRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/IMaldenService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IReleaseLogic.cs.i
data/lib/Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Product/Details.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Models/Purchase.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/ProductSerialNumbers/ProductSerialNumberEntity.cs.i
data/lib/Ninject.Web.Common.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProductCatalogueRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/User.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/heroAccent.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_LoginPartial.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/AdminViewModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IProductLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/ReleaseRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IProductSerialNumberLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Home/Contact.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/ProductController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.core.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/UserController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Web.Release.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Tests/TestFileStream.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.resizable.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/Malden.Portal.Service.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.validate.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.tablesorter.extras-0.1.22.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.1.0-vsdoc.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/ActivationError.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/MaldenStream.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/UserPurchases/TestUserPurchase.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProductRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ReleaseLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/_Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/_fileUploader.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Properties/PublishProfiles/maldenservice.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Product/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.tabs.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/web.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/BlobManagerLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/MaitenanceViewModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.autocomplete.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/UserPurchase.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList8.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Web.Release.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.datepicker.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/KeyFactory.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.1.0.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Controllers/ClientChannel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.dialog.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/search-submit.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.tablesorter.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList9.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/admin-functions.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Data/product-serials.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.theme.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/Messages.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/DistributorLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/Error.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/User/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.maskedinput-1.3.1.min.js.map.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/UserPurchases/UserPurchaseEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.button.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/BlobManager/History_Repository_Should.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList2.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IDownloadHistory.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/BlobManagerContainerGetter.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Shared/Error.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordResetComplete.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IHistory.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/BlobManager/blob_manager_operations.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-2.0.3.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.core.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Tests/Malden.Portal.Service.Tests.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/site-dark.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.selectable.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Distributor/Details.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/knockout-2.2.0.debug.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Emailer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/LogicLayer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_Footer.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.New.sln.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/app.config_old.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/webstyles.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_HeaderMenu.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordReserCompleted.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IUserPurchaseLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/MaldenService.svc.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/DistributorController.cs.i
data/Backup/ServiceConfiguration.Cloud.cscfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Properties/Settings.Designer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList5.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/Bootstrapper.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_222222_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList1.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.theme.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/UnitTest1.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProductSerialNumberRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Site.css.i
data/Backup/ServiceDefinition.csdef.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ProductSerialNumberLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.WebroleContent/diagnostics.wadcfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/site-grid.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Code/Flash.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/bullet.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Product/Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Distributors/Distributor_Repository_Should.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Properties/PublishProfiles/localhost.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList7.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Service1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Data/users.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/MaldenService1.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Data/aspnet-Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole-20130930111147_log.ldf.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery-ui.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.8.24.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Users/UserRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.8.24.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/inactive.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.10.3.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/Users/AccountModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/admin-history-functions.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.rcrumbs.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/CloudFilesCollection.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IDistributorRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery-ui.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.resizable.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/MaldenService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/_references.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/logo.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IBlobManagerLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Exceptions.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IHistoryRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.validate.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.validate-vsdoc.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Malden.Portal.Service.Web.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/UserPurchaseLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.base.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList4.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.ccproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Home/About.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/HistoryLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream11.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/knockout-2.2.0.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/MaintenanceController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/top-blue.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/App_Start/RouteConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Products/ProductRepository.cs.i
data/lib/Ninject.Extensions.Wcf.dll.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/MaldenService1.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/References.txt.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Error/NotFound.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/GreetingService.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Data/Releases.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.accordion.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IReleaseRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ProductCatalogueLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList2.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/desc.gif.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Program.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/MvcSecurityFormsAuth.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/AuthoriseController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/IGreetingService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/ConfirmDistributorToken.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Error/CustomError.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Global.asax.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/packages.config.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/top-blue.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/web.Release.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.datepicker.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/app.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Utilities/NoCacheAttribute.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/UserLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordResetRequest.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.button.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Bootstrapper.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Maintenance/Create_old.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/CustomValidator.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Properties/PublishProfiles/live.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/MaldenStream.svc.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/_ViewStart.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Users/UserEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.tablesorter.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/History/HistoryRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/App_Start/FilterConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Distributor/Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/inactive.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/lib/Ninject.Web.Common.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/SecurityFormsAuth.Client.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Data/user_pruchases.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/_references.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList1.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_75_e6e6e6_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList3.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Properties/PublishProfiles/servicehost.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Default.aspx.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.datepicker.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Register.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.progressbar.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.slider.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Products/TestProductRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/WebRole.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/RestServiceFactory.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery.maskedinput-1.3.1.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.tablesorter.extras-0.1.22.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Default.aspx.i
data/lib/Ninject.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference2/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProductCatalogue.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Distributor.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/AuthConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Login.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/HomeController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.slider.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Malden.Portal.Data.TableStorage.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Properties/PublishProfiles/local_live.pubxml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.autocomplete.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/Reference.svcmap.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Maintenance/Create.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/modernizr-2.6.2.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.tabs.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_highlight-soft_75_cccccc_1x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Default.aspx.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.validate.unobtrusive.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery-ui.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/UserMailer/_Layout.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Tests/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.selectable.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.autocomplete.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.intellisense.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/Default.aspx.designer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Maintenance/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests.NU/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/active.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_888888_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/App_Start/NinjectWebCommon.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Program.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/bodyBg-gray.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Utilities.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Properties/AssemblyInfo.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_fileUploader.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IEmailManager.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Global.asax.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/site-grid.jpg.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ProductLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/app.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.WebNew/MaldenStream.svc.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Home/Index.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/MaldenStream.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/bullet.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/more-arrow.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IUser.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.validate.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ProductCatalogue.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Emails/EmailManagerRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Mailers/UserMailer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/ConnectionStringBuilder.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/SecureTransportDemo.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.disco.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IDistributor.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/BlobManagerRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/ErrorController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/_ViewStart.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Releases/TestRelease.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IBlobItem.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IFileManager.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Web.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/Malden.Portal.Webjobs.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/admin-common.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IBlobManagerRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_75_dadada_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/RouteConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList3.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.dialog.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Distributors/DistributorRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Releases/FileManager.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/Site.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IUserPurchaseRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.tabs.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.all.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/validation-rules.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Global.asax.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList9.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/App_Start/WebApiConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_flat_75_ffffff_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Mailers/IUserMailer.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.slider.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Controllers/DailyTaskController.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordRequestReset.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Data/products.xml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/configuration91.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/MaldenService.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IEmailerLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/CloudFile.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-1.8.2.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/ReleaseFiles.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Logout.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IMaintenanceContractLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IBlobManager.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Tables.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/UserPurchases/TestUserPurchaseRepostory.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IBlobManagerContainerGetter.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/UserMailer/ResetPassword.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/ProductSerialNumbers/TestProductSerialNumber.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.button.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/site-grid-blue.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/ProductSerialNumbers/ProductSerialNumberRepository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Scripts/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/Customers.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.WebJobs/Program.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Releases/release_repository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Web/Web.config.i
data/Backup/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.ccproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Maintenance/Manage.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/UserMailer/Welcome.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/favicon.ico.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service1.xsd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/jquery.rcrumbs.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IUserLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Service/packages.config.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Images/orderedList0.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/GreetingService.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Service References/ServiceReference1/Service.wsdl.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Views/Purchase/NewPurchase.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/app-insight.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList7.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/ClientChannel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/AppInsightsAgent/UnifiedBootstrap.ps1.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/Utilities/ErrorLogger.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/UserPurchases/test_user_purchase_repository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Utilities/FlashMessageExtensions.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Account/PasswordResetEmailed.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Contracts/IProduct.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Archive.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Models/DistributorViewModel.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.DependencyResolver/ClassDiagram1.cd.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_Layout.cshtml.i
data/Backup/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.WebroleContent/diagnostics.wadcfg.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/jquery-ui-1.10.3.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests/Products/product_repository.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/TableOperations.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/jquery-ui.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/playpause.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/CustomStyles.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/App_Start/FilterConfig.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/knockout-2.2.0.debug.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Distributor/Edit.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Tests/Test_SerialManagerService.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Home/Admin.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.autocomplete.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Tests.NU/Malden.Portal.Tests.NU.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Shared/_confirmDialog.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/SecurityFormsAuth.Client.csproj.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/knockout-2.2.0.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Views/Release/Upload.cshtml.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/Custom/images/active.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/images/ui-icons_454545_256x240.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenService/configuration.svcinfo.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_55_fbf9ee_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Service References/MaldenStream/Reference.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList5.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/ProductSerialNumber.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.Data/Distributors/DistributorEntity.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Images/orderedList6.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/minified/jquery.ui.dialog.min.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client.Web/Content/themes/base/jquery.ui.resizable.css.i
data/Malden.Portal.BLL/IDistributorLogic.cs.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Content/themes/base/images/ui-bg_glass_65_ffffff_1x400.png.i
data/Malden.Portal.GUI.Azure.Webrole/Scripts/Custom/jquery.unobtrusive-ajax.min.js.i
data/Malden.Portal.Service.Client/Service References/ServiceReference1/MaldenService.wsdl.i
